hello and what is up guys Jack here from
Ezekiel gaming HD and in this video
you're going to see me open up my 20
untradable free packs that EA gave every
single person with a ultimate team
account so if you haven't even looked at
your account yet you've probably still
got them waiting for you I don't think
there's a deadline to open them I could
be wrong if I am just leave a comment
make sure you let people know now in
this pack as I said open up 20
untradable packs and everyone gets five
five packs on each account but for some
reason some packs got 10 I absolutely
have no idea why it they could be a
reason or it could just be a simple
glitch I know a lot of people that got
10 now in this out these 20 packs there
are free accounts so one of the pack one
of the accounts had 10 packs and the
other two had five packs now also if you
saw two days ago on my main account i
did a puppy pack opening that was my
main accounts pack opening and did my
five on tradable packs now in his pack
as you can see we've got david moyes and
valencia not just kind of reminded me of
that olympiakos game did you see the
olympiakos game where valencia had this
huge swollen eye and it was ridiculous
it looked honestly it looked like he had
been in a boxing match and he could not
see out i think it was his left eye in
my penis right i have no idea i can't
remember what was left or right but it
was ridiculous i could not see how his I
just kind of reminded me looking at that
pack but anyway as I said 20 packs in
this and they're all untradeable so
unfortunately guys I can't give any of
these packs away to you guys i'd love to
i'd love to give away literally every
single pack open here because and
there's nothing amazingly special so I
can't do any reviews on any of the
players or even any school buildings or
anything like that which kind of sucks
and but before we get into and I'll
start going off topic just want to say a
quick shout out to fifa coins today if
you want to get some cheap ultimate team
coins make sure you go ahead go over to
their website and you can get ten
percent off with my discount code which
will also be in the description of the
video now I want you guys to tell me
what you've got in your packs now I've
seen all over Twitter people getting
tingly weeks in forms Ronaldo's I didn't
see too many messy such as call I saw
quite a few more hours believe it or not
someone called NASA fee for apparently
open up to Ronaldo's on
one accounting at a quick so one of the
one of the renowned I mean how
ridiculous is that if that's true I
haven't seen a video the only reason I'm
saying is if it's true is because I
haven't seen a video on it when you see
him tweet some pictures of it and that
kind of thing um yeah that is just
ridiculous and but let me know what you
guys get in your packs and also how many
packs you open how many accounts on FIFA
you have basically I can tell by that
I'll be quite interesting to see now as
you can see we've just gone over to my
zekiel packs which is just another
random account i have i have four cows
in total of my main account which is
what do everything on you know have like
three million coins on or whatever and
then I have another account called my
dream team account or my road to glory
account it's got gold membership I can
do some stuff on there I've got two
other accounts in which is one is for
trading and one is for just randomness
you never know what might need to put a
48-hour code on it and do some crazy
video on that so that's why I just have
that so I have four accounts I'm just
wondering what guys what how many
accounts do you guys have put that in
the conversation below now also I want
to speak to you guys about a video
that's going to be going up tomorrow on
my channel um it's gonna be almost I
think it's over half an hour long and
it's going to be a huge comply
compilation of pack reactions I know
it's been done though it's very like say
me but it's taken me so long to put
together and I think it's going to be
quite enjoyable because every single
pack in in that video is so good but
it's like literally over half an hour's
worth so yeah that'll be up tomorrow
morning if you're waiting to see that
and I think the best player in the whole
of that 100 pack opening reaction video
is gullet oh yeah girl its basically no
one has actually opened up LA and
actually got it on video which is a
shame because that would be really nice
to put in there but no one has done it
now let's talk about giveways as I said
at the start like these are all
untradable packs and I can't actually
give away any of these packs whatsoever
to you guys which I usually do when I do
pack opening so you're probably used to
that but if you're watching this right
now if you go back to my channel check
three hours ago or three or four hours
ago you'll notice that there is another
pack opening called man in the match van
Persie packs and I am doing a giveaway
in that video so make sure you go and
check that out if you want to take part
in some kind of give away or have a
chance
win some players or coins now let's be
honest we're getting right to the end of
the video now and this is my best pack
that I got out of all of these packs we
get a name art and is only an 84 rated
player and I believe that is actually my
highest rated player I didn't even get a
rubbish 85 rated player in this whole
pack opening you know the best one I got
was 84 which is just for me 20 packs I
mean come on the best thing you give me
his name are that's that's quite
annoying but they were free pack skies
and nothing to be annoyed at you know
you see people getting annoyed over
these packs is no reason they're all
free so that's really nice by EA so
thanks for watching this video if you
enjoyed it make sure you do drop a like
on this video to see if we can smash 300
likes and I'll know there's no kind of
give away or anything like that but it's
still be nice to hit that like target as
that is quite nice to see that on your
videos as a youtuber and obviously if
you're not subscribed to my youtube
channel what you doing make sure you hit
that subscribe button stay up to date of
all the fifa content i bring out and i
will see you guys later bye